well here we are again neighbors from
Hill part twos trying to install our
favorite neighbors now people usually
say the disagreements between the Epis
has started over something it takes to
and the only thing that can be thought
of here is that well we just happen to
be the people next door now when they
actually dream up worry about what they
did but they said be awfully worried
about what we do and in this situation
this is about the third time they've
analyzed the property and admitted so so
what has happened let's have a look
well there's the evidence
thirteen eggs thrown at the house and
the theme was it's a hell of a way to
make an omelet now you know why people
keep chickens in the backyard so they
can make little leg missiles and I guess
it's not help because council policy
allows people to keep chickens in the
backyard but did they plan on this I
don't think so
that's right folks that was an egg that
hit the wall and that's the video
evidence that the police were quite
interested in
so the cops came and investigated it was
all very quite obvious I witnessed the
video and spoke to the people concern
who profusely apologized for their the
family's behavior and of course what's
come from this is the fact that they
apologized to the police but they didn't
apologize through the person who they
inflicted this upon so is justice served
well yes this YouTube video is up and
just remember no one knows your friends
like their next-door neighbor's do